Before you talking to these hobo's?
Shut up, do you know what this is?
Yeah, it's a ring, and it's ugly.
This is Starks' bummer's token.
The Starks never showed their faces in public.
This token represents her.
What are you kidding me?
She's nothing more than a delivery girl.
It's hard to get that.
I gave it to her.
Mr. Stark.
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
It's okay.
However, you on the other hand, I'll make sure you're punished for your snobbery.
Damn it.
Oh, you tramps?
I'm sure you picked up a fake.
This pattern has to be with the Starks, based on what these four generations.
You can't find anywhere else.
It's the way to ring.
Be careful.
Don't lose it.
No way.
I'm sure it's a fake.
I'm not trying for us.
I'm Mr. Stark.
I'm the owner of our hotel.
Get out of here.
Get out.
Ow.
Let's go.
What if he asked me about last night?
Should I give him money as compensation?
What did normal people do in this situation?
You're blushing.
Are you shy?
No.
No, don't do things like that.
So, about last night.
I take full responsibility for what happened.
I can pay you back for the rental car, the suit, the replica ring.
I'm here.
Would two grand be enough?
I don't want your money.
What do you want then?
Fame status?
I'll give you all that.
I don't want any back.
I want you to be my wife.
You got Mr. Baratheon specifically told everyone to take care of and promote Visarius.
Seeing him today, it is very clear that he is top tier talent.
Indeed.
Mr. Baratheon is one of the top figures in the whole empire.
Only ready the Southern Stark family comes close.
With Mr. Baratheon's support will be long.
If all the Sarris becomes a leading figure amongst the generation.
Mr. Starko.
Oh, Ms. Sarris.
When you meet Mr. Baratheon, please.
Put in a good word for me.
How can I not?
We make two good of a team.
Having you marry my daughter is truly a blessing to the Lannister family.
Thank you.
You're all so kind.
To the banquet?
Yes.
I'm not sure.
Oh.
Oh, Jan.
I can't believe you actually managed to sneak in here with this hope.
Leave us alone.
Trying to make me jealous, right?
Alright, I guess I can write you a check.
How's a million?
Enough, right?
Now stop pestering me.
Just a million.
Don't embarrass yourself.
There you rip up my check.
Well, that was the nice way.
Because it was either the check.
Or your filthy mouth.
Oh.
I'm serious.
What's wrong?
Gentlemen, I apologize.
This stalker is my ex.
And she's incredibly unhappy because I dumped her.
Mm-hmm.
So she's trying to provoke me by marrying this hobo.
I'll have this taken care of.
She'll be removed immediately.
I'm sorry.
But if you kick me out, I'm afraid we'd have to cancel the whole event.
Hm.
I've heard of you.
You're the simple delivery girl, right?
Coming here and talking.
Shit.
Do you know that Mr. Baratheon is the one that organized this event?
Dad, I didn't know that.
Because I asked him to.
You talk to him that way.
I swear.
I'll rip that mouth straight off.
Yeah.
Love to see you try.
I would love to see you try.
You should choose another seat.
Look at them.
They're all freaking out.
I'm the seat.
That is the Baratheon seat.
That is for the organizer and the event holder.
Dad, how dare you?
I know what.
This chair's just...
Thanks, honey.
You should get a bigger one.
Listen up, everyone.
If she pisses off Mr. Baratheon, we are the ones to blame.
And our businesses will take the heat.
We need to make sure that she leaves right now.
I agree.
Our family status relies on Mr. Baratheon.
If you disrespect him, you are our enemy.
You have three seconds to get off that cheat.
If not, I will make sure that your name is plastered all over the headlines and the billboards.
Hmm.
Let's see.
What about we call you a racist?
Oh, yeah.
Your life will be ruined.
Oh, listen up, everyone.
She is truly a marvel of leading manipulation.
I hope you like concrete coffin suite up.
That's my gang specialty.
Morning.
Anyone else here please come for the more creative threat.
Dying is too easy for her.
I'll arrest her.
A dirty wench like her deserves to be thrown into a women's prison on an isolated island.
Try virus five.
We just developed one touch and your skin will dissulate.
Oh, scary!
I thought the FDA's were going to long long.
Try this.
Let's see how that smart-ass mouth runs with one shot of this.
No one puts their hands on him.
Not on my watch.
Dare you touch me, bum.
I'll make your life a living hell.
Dear father-in-law.
Let me do it.
Oh, yeah.
I'll ruin that bitch's face.
No one will ever want to see her.
Mr. Tyrion and Bratty is here.
Why do you join the festivities?
It ended up beautiful day.
Yeah.
Very good.
So good to see everyone.
It just can't be.
She must be important.
He just bowed to her.
No way.
If she can boss Mr. Baratheon around.
Why'd he go easy on her ex?
He would've saw him a pop.
But Mr. Baratheon did just take a knee to her.
Brion doesn't know Mr. Baratheon.
Does she?
I heard Tyrion only bows the Targaryens.
So, she's telling the truth.
She's Lady Targaryen.
For real?
Bring on the show, boys!
Join the show, my lady.
Do enjoy looking at muscular men.
Paris seemed to watch this in front of my new husband.
If he thinks I'm really that horny.
Oh.
What is this Tyrion up to?
They would think I can't satisfy my wife.
And she has to go for strippers?
Now I understand why this serious gets special treatments.
It turns out Tyrion goes both ways.
If Jaime knew these male strippers were from me,
it ruined my reputation as an elegant lady.
That bitch is leaving!
Rumor has it that Mr. Baratheon is under the Targaryens.
Is she really one of the Targaryens?
T, please just hide my identity.
I don't want Jaime to get weird ideas about me.
Mr. Baratheon, I'm so sorry that I took your seat.
It was very rude of me.
Oh.
My lady wants her identity veiled.
I should act along.
See?
Mr. Baratheon was calling her rude.
Not defending her.
Yes, but Mr. Baratheon just kneeled before her.
I was taking a knee to the Targaryen crest
on the chair.
They rule over the entire empire's wealth.
Lie on them for all sorts of this.
That is why I take a knee.
I see the Targaryen crest.
That convinces him, surprisingly.
Mr. Baratheon, she sat in the chair.
Doesn't that tarnish the sacredness behind the Targaryen crest?
It's a very good point.
But has anyone died when a beautiful lady has sat in the chair?
The Targaryen family is very reclusive.
We don't tolerate bullies.
Which one of you just harmed her just now?
Start talking!
It wasn't me.
I don't even have the virus on me.
We're at the end.
Please.
I'm sorry.
Please don't hurt me.
My lady.
How do you wish to punish him?
You know, I don't really know all that much about punishment,
but these guys really do seem to be experts.
Very well then.
And like me, gentlemen, what should we do with him?
You go on.
Please tell him what you just told me.
I would blacklist him and his entire family from our hospital.
I would deny them any treatment and a simple viral flu would kill him.
Easily.
I'll make him human punch back in our gang.
One punch from everyone until he's pulp and we're a big gang.
Easy.
We'll cook up his scandals.
He'll be a laughing stop for generations.
For the rest of his life.
He'd be in prison.
I'll have police arrest him and they'll throw him in with the worst of criminals.
And I bet he'd be their favorite pudding.
He'd be in the sense.
Really nice Christmas gifts.
Super at the end.
Please.
Please spare me.
Oh, please.
Why are you begging me when your fate is in her hands?
I'm so sorry for your hands, please.
Don't deserve this apology for me.
The almighty of us.
Mr. Baratheon, I prepared this entire banquet just for you.
Because she disrespected you.
Hey, as a matter of fact, I know that your birthdays are on the corner,
so I prepared a little gift in exchange for your forgiveness for my little mistake.
Wow.
You know, I would really love to see whatever treasures you've collected.
Bring over the Protect the Leap Grandmaster Watch.
It's worth over a second.
Why are you laughing?
That's your gift.
A sitting watch.
What do you have against my watch?
I mean, they're you.
$31 million.
That's more than your entire lifetime of salaries could amount to.
Delivery girl.
What did you get Mr. Baratheon yourself?
How about you show us before you start mocking our gifts?
Would I get teary in gifts?
Of course, she has better gifts than you.
The original Marvel Statue of the Veiled Lady by Raphael Monty.
The original by Monty.
That's worth $1.5 billion.
That's not just something you can buy.
The Princess Victoria.
The largest cruise ship in the city.
Oh my God, that's real.
That's the actual plaque from the Princess Victoria.
It's worth more than $2 billion.
And the private island.
In the Pacific Ocean.
You know, you can't even buy a window on the Princess Victoria.
With that $31 million watch.
You get this.
Sir?
I think it's a bend over.
Do you like the gifts you got from Mr. Baratheon, I do?
Why, yes.
I got him something good.
Your lies are beginning to be a bit unrealistic.
They're very unbelievable.
The Marvels, don't you?
And the island are both auctioned off by Mr. Stark.
How did Hobo get his hands on these?
Don't tell me he's actually Mr. Stark.
Don't worry.
I'll help you cover up for your over exaggerated lies.
They're all real.
Hey, Hobo.
Do you really think you can get away with telling some random stories
by passing off some useless stones and worthless plaques?
Rianne, your broke husband installed.
Exactly.
How could this low life have all this?
He's lying.
Don't you?
You fucking nutheads.
You present these fake gifts and you've destroyed the Sarrias's $31 million watch.
You have a death wish.
Calm down everyone.
It's just a few billion.
My bother.
You arrogant lunatic.
Mr. Baratheon, he is clearly full of shit.
Please kick him out.
I say we banish him.
Make sure he's never seen this country.
Disrespecting Mr. Baratheon is disrespecting all our families.
Well, I'm sure Mr. Baratheon will be able to find out.
Are they really fake?
Is that even necessary?
I swear with my own eyes, I saw this Hobo.
Steel food from a stray dog.
There's no way he can be a star.
Mr. Baratheon, you need to kick him out now.
Else you run the risk of offending the real Mr. Stark in the entire South.
Shut up.
Tell me what to do.
These gifts are genuine.
What?
Not bad to you.
He really knows how to wing it.
My lady finally has a better eye.
This one is much better than the last.
How is that possible?
He sleeps on the street.
Maybe Mr. Baratheon is wrong.
Then I'll say anything else.
I'll miss him.
Whatever.
They're for Mr. Baratheon.
Not us.
Who said all these gifts are for Mr. Baratheon?
They're actually for my wife, Brienne.
They're wedding gifts from the House of Stark.
Fitch like Brienne does not deserve these kinds of wedding gifts.
I knew it.
You're just a fucking actor.
You shameless hobo.
Tyrion?
I want him to suffer.
You fucking father.
How dare you hit me?
What did I do?
I'm decent for this.
I miss Brienne.
I ditched this bitch.
Why are you all defending her?
Seriously.
Three minutes.
I went to Ceres, Martell, Bankrupt.
Who the hell are you to do that?
Trying to get the Martell family to go bankrupt.
Are you trying to back him up?
Mr. Baratheon, the Sirius has made mistakes.
He's still a talented businessman.
You said so yourself.
He's talented.
This man has gone bankrupt multiple times and I had to save his ass.
Every single time it happened.
Boss, someone is targeting us in a stock market and our company just went bankrupt.
Bankrupting a company in minutes?
Is that hobo really Mr. Stark?
No way.
It must be Mr. Baratheon who did that.
Bankrupting isn't the only price you'll be paying.
Boys!
Come on in!
Excuse me, wait.
Send this man to Japan.
He would be great in a porno and I want him to be famous.
Leave that, don't want it.
Bad enough.
Mr. Baratheon, this is way too much.
Now you kick out a CEO and you let this bum stay.
This is outrageous.
Mr. Lannister, if you have a problem with that, you could join the bankruptcy club too.
Well, Mr. Baratheon insists that I'm fine with letting the gentlemen stay.
But everyone must pass the credit verification in order to bid, right?
Everyone agrees?
Yeah, yes.
Jamie's guests are worth $10 billion.
He'll have no issue with the capital verification.
We'll do it the usual way.
One at a time.
$700 million.
Second class.
$800 million.
$900 million.
Second class.
$2 billion.
First class.
The Lannister family is the best among the four of us.
Impressive Lannister.
Yes.
I agree.
Here.
You can use my card.
Don't worry.
I got this.
Five black cards from the prestigious Targaryen Bank.
Mr. Stark.
The Targaryen banks.
Black VIP cards.
They're only five available worldwide.
I can't even get my hand on one of them.
That's pretty bull.
Actually, that's quite fucking dumb to claim that you have all five.
That's right.
Don't make things up.
Five black cards.
Do you think we are stupid?
If I'm lying, I'll find out soon enough.
All officiates.
Hey, no.
My husband seems to have snatched some money away on this card.
Please.
Use this one.
It's just a normal bank card, but it should contain a little more than the Lannisters.
I think.
I have a question.
Did you two get married in a Santa's time?
Because you're nuts.
I dare you to swipe that card.
Show us what you got.
Stay quiet behind me.
Don't worry.
My balance is enough.
Actually, I can't cover up for your toy cards.
You don't have to act like your card is real.
I got this.
I could say the same thing to you.
What are you two stammering about?
What?
You're gonna shake your pants?
Shut up, Lannister.
Mr. Stark is speaking to his wife.
Don't let them.
Rando, stop the act.
We know you're just a delivery girl and a hobo.
You know, I have Mr. Stark's brother, Stannis.
He's in the North right now as well.
Why don't we ask Stannis to come see his brother?
I second that.
Stannis is close by.
He could just cop over.
If Stannis comes, I won't be able to cover up for you in the highs.
I heard he's really intense.
Mr. Rothy, please swipe it from me.
Platinum.
I think I'd never see in a class platinum.
I'm a Lannister and I'm only first class.
How could you, an ordinary girl, be a platinum?
Don't tell me.
She's a lady from the Targaryen family for real.
That would explain why Mr. Baratheon keeps defending her.
Have we offended the lady?
She's really a Targaryen in secret.
Oh, well that makes sense now.
This explains how a delivery girl could have $100 billion.
The machine is broken.
It's broken? A broken machine is with you.
It's not my fault, lady.
The machine has never seen this much money before.
Makes sense, the machine's broken.
She got pretty lucky though.
This is all part of your scheme.
You knew it was broken.
You're sly for your age.
You know you almost fooled us.
Someone get us another machine.
I dare you to do that again, delivery girl.
I have nothing to...
Rothy, swipe my card.
Class platinum.
Whoa, tea really rocks.
He prepared fake machines ahead of time.
So well thought out.
No wonder my dad loves him.
Lannister, anything else?
This machine is brand new.
That's impossible.
I don't know how that happened.
I mean, how could this hobo have the black platinum cards?
You must have found them in the trash.
I told you.
I'm Jaime Stark.
The head of the Stark household.
It's no wonder I have these cards.
You know, sometimes I wonder how you idiots are even my competition.
You want more proof?
Did you know that at every Stark hotel is a secret passageway?
And only the CEO knows the key word to them.
What are you trying to say?
You're too stupid to ask questions.
He's not really lost in the story again.
Can you please cover us?
I have to get him out of here.
What's going on?
They hit it off.
If he knows the key word password, then he is Mr. Stark.
The pattern on this lock is from the Stark family.
This is a secret passage.
Mr. Stark.
We married some random person.
Turns out it was the South's richest bachelor.
If you're lucky now.
You can't say I don't.
Mr. Stark.
Lannister fooled me into thinking you both were intruders.
I never meant to offend you and your wife.
Me neither, Mr. Stark.
I was in stupid.
Lady Bran.
I am so sorry.
It was Lannister's fault.
I'm just a don't readout.
You know how we learn your creatures?
I told her to change this.
You are all assholes.
That's enough.
All of you are idiots.
Stupid enough to be fooled.
I know.
I think it's time to make a change within the North's upper echelon.
What do you think, Mr. Baratheon?
Mr. Stark is right.
From this day forward, any company that deals with Stark or Baratheon will no longer do business with your four families will make you bankrupt.
Go forward, Mr. Baratheon.
Of course.
Since they can't place the bed, the Stark will run the project.
This is bullshit.
Oh no.
No.
Come on.
You better watch your back.
Bran!
I'm sorry.
The Duke personally picked out these strippers for you.
And you got married that award and your father has worried about your happiness.
What?
Am I your snitching on me?
No, no, no.
That's not what I'm trying to say.
I'm trying to hear to help you in that you don't understand.
No, no, no.
How come she's so close with Mr. Baratheon?
She is lover.
My dad has bad taste.
These strippers have nothing on my husband.
And tell them I'm married so we can get this nonsense over with.
My lady, I will talk to the Duke personally.
This is all your fault, Bran.
You're dead if I see you again.
What are you doing here?
Aren't you about the shooting porn?
Bran, I'm so sorry.
I love you, Bran.
Marjorie fooled me.
Have you been hitting the head?
Do you not forget how you just insulted me?
What is wrong with you?
Bran, it's all Marjorie's fault.
You're so good to me.
How could I not love you?
Please.
I can be yours again.
I can be your only lover.
You, not the other woman, your cheater.
Open your cheater.
Leave me alone.
Bring out.
Have you forgotten?
I saved your life three years ago.
This is not how you should repay someone.
You piece of shit.
I would have rather you left me on the curb.
And I've done enough to repay you for everything you've done.
You're pathetic.
Leave me alone.
Or I will cut your limbs off.
Grateful bitch.
I saved your life.
You're so shameless, Viserys.
Taking credit for things you didn't do.
What are you talking about?
A brian don't listen to this playboy.
Halloween three years ago.
I had a flight to catch.
So I had my men take breed of the hospital after I saved her.
I never thought someone else would take credit for something.
The audacity.
You were the one that saved me?
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Brian, don't listen to him.
For three years, you dishonored and manipulated her.
For things you didn't do, that's unforgivable.
Nonsense.
Brian, I took you to the hospital.
You saw me there.
Really?
How many of her bones were broken then?
What do you care?
Fine.
It was three.
Period.
You don't even know about my injuries.
And I was stupid enough to do everything for you for three years.
So what?
I bet he doesn't know either.
She had abdominal injuries.
I hired Dr. Catree.
You're the best surgeons in the world to take care of.
You must see who saved me.
He's a trap.
He's lying about the doctors.
Brian.
We don't know.
Know what?
This is Mr. Stark.
The CEO of the Stark Groot?
The richest man in the South.
I don't believe this.
Mr. Stark is in the South?
There's no way he's here.
Guards!
Throw this man in the sea.
No.
The whales and feasts at Brian.
Brian, I love you.
Three years, Brian!
Wait!
What?
Does my wife still have feelings for this scumbag?
I never want to see him again.
Take him to Antarctica.
No, no, no.
You're going to regret this Brian!
Please!
Let me go!
Did you really stop drinking?
Am I so stupid?
I never suspected anything for three years.
It's not your fault.
It's my fault.
I should have never left you alone.
You're just going to leave me hanging?
This should be enough to repay for your services tonight.
Keep the change.
Canada's a...
Great.
I don't want your money.
I really like you.
Well, I believe in the old saying.
Wise men never fall in love.
The feelings are vague.
Money.
Well, this...
This isn't enough to buy me.
Hey, charge that much, even if you're a hot CEO.
Get out!
No money for you.
You don't want them to trust another man again.
You don't have a series?
That scammer, Jamie.
My lady, what did Jamie do?
I will take care of it.
I'll make sure...
Hello?
How dare you upset my lady?
I will not be intimidated.
Even if these are richest men in the South.
I'm sorry.
Even if you're unbelievable.
That lady is upset.
He's out here hoping that we're trash and white men.
Mr. Baratheon?
Mr. Stark!
What a coincidence.
Mr. Baratheon?
Mr. Stark.
What a coincidence.
What are you doing with that?
My work is stressful, and I like to unwind by recycling bottles.
What are you doing here all along?
And who is that woman?
You just got married and you're out having an affair?
It's my wife.
She kicked me out.
She said our relationship is a romantic scam.
Oh, a romantic scam.
Look, my feelings for her are genuine.
For some reason she doesn't believe me.
How do you feel about her?
Look, I've seen a lot of women when you attracted to her.
What if she asked for dessert?
I don't know.
I buy her every dessert store in the city.
So she could have a dessert every single day.
What if she says it's too hot in the summer?
We'll go on vacation to the North Pole.
What if she says it's too cold in the winter?
We'll buy her a tropical island.
What if she asked for the stars?
The stars?
I don't know what if I could do anything about the stars.
But I'll invest in NASA in as soon as possible.
I'll take her to Mars.
Mars?
Mr. Stark, I can see that you truly care about Breanne.
Perhaps I can give you some advice.
Maybe.
Just maybe Breanne is pushing you away because that asshole broke her heart.
Stick around.